Update FAQ (#1947)
onflow/cadence: docs/FAQ.md

The operator precedence parsing technique avoids constructing a CST and the associated overhead, where each grammar rule is translated to a CST node.
For example, a simple integer literal would be "boxed" in several outer grammar rule nodes.

> ## What is the algorithm efficiency of operations on arrays and dictionaries?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## What is the algorithmic efficiency of operations on arrays and dictionaries?
```

Arrays and dictionaries are implemented [as trees](https://github.com/onflow/atree). 

> This means that lookup operations are not constant time. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This means that lookup operations do not run in constant time. 
```
